this is a fox and I'm gonna be showing
you how to get the ultimate Grim Reaper
weapon in Dead Rising 3 now the first
part of the blueprints I'll find is on
top of the little roof here and at the
parking angle 10 you can just drive up
one of the bigger vehicles up next to it
jump on top of your vehicle and then get
up here now in the order you get the
blueprints won't matter which one or
which this each spot it's in an order
it's you'll get the first one then the
next one the next one it won't matter
what places they are in long as you get
those blue prints now the second one
here is in this played in sword store
and angleton I'll show you here on the
map in a second it's just right over
here you see a zoom and it's just
straight down that one bird that has two
road blocks in the swords store it'll be
right there on the counter it's real
easy to find now the second one here is
in the back alleyway what you want to do
then you should want to jump on top of
this truck here and then you have to
jump across
once you jump up top of the truck and
then you go top this billboard
Elya to jump atop this little shack over
here and you'll get your third blueprint
and then I'll show you right where it is
on the map exactly it's down near the
South safe house and angleton right
there you go just right near that South
safe house and singleton behind the
garage back in that little alleyway and
then here is where you'll get your last
blueprint this one's a little harder for
me to find but I was able to find then
what you can do is you can go through
the apartment building right here next
to it go up through the second floor
jump out a window to the roof next to it
and then jump down from that roof into
this fenced area or you be able to pull
up a larger vehicle I'm pretty sure and
jump on top of the vehicle and then jump
over the roof and then that should be
your final blueprint and you have all
the blueprints you need to make the
ultimate Grim Reaper that's where you
get all the blueprints for the ultimate
Grim Reaper so you can make an easy
experience it does Fox and I'm out